Feature: Passwordless Login and Password Reset supports use of `email` mode (#3525)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/pwa-kit-create-app/CHANGELOG.md

## v3.15.0-dev (Nov 05, 2025)

> - Update `default.js` and `/_app-config/index.jsx` template to use email mode by default for passwordless login and password reset. [#3526] (https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/3526) [#3547](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/3547)

Reviewer: Let's use this PR as referenced 
```suggestion
- Support email mode by default for passwordless login and password reset in a generated app. [#3525](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/3525)
```
